My vision for this is having a neat trainer tool to help me 
study my mahjong mistakes. My current workflow is:

1. Play a game
2. Paste the game link into the mortal analysis engine
Note: This must be done by hand, since it is protected by cloudflare
3. Use mortal_analysis/mj_fetch.sh to download the json
4. Use mj_parse.py to check my worst mistakes and get a general overview of how it went.
5. Add the output manually to Mahjong Mistakes.txt
6. Create a summary using mj_calc.sh

The grand vision would be to build a web-app that I may even 
make some money with since there are currently 
no good english apps like that online.


What i'd like to have is the following features:

1. QoL -> Less typing
a) one script fits all
b) Web interface so it looks nicer
2. A Trainer that tells me what stuff to focus on and highlights my mistakes:
a) Automatic grouping into error categories
    - First simple charateristic might be between: Full-Tile efficiency vs more consideration
    - this could be done by comparing if mortal and mahjong-cpp agree (tile efficiency) vs disagree (other considerations)
b) Visual overview of tile-efficiency errors with mortal-ev and actual ev from mahjong-cpp side-by side
4. Change data format from the current .txt to something better machine readable, so I can programmatically use this.
a) Update the current summary scripts to interact with the new data format.

Decisionpoint:
Do we reform the data format now while it is still small or should we do it later
when we know more of how the data looks like.

Future work might include assistants on:
1. analysis of defense (Integrate existing tools, that mark safe tiles and suji)
2. More data analysis when I have an easier access and more logs (Currently I played ~10 games, but 
only loaded 2 analysis games)

In general, there are several checkpoints I can think of but I'm more interested in the end goal 
than immediate results (although they will help checking whether I like the direction)
1. Have the mj_parser output the current hand and which tiles it wanted to discard
2. Have some nice way, to additionally show the EV calculations of mahjong-cpp with my decision vs AI decision.
3. Better data format and immediate summary
4. Web-Ui with the features
